[Move documentation] Update book to use abilities (#8582)
diem/diem: language/documentation/book/src/abilities.md

# Abilities

> Abilities are a typing feature in Move that control what actions are permissible for values of a given type. This system grants fine grained control over the "linear" typing behavior of values, as well as if and how values are used in global storage, by gating access to various byte code instructions. In order for a value to be used with the bytecode instruction, it must have the ability required (if one is required at all—not every instruction is gated by an ability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Abilities are a typing feature in Move that control what actions are permissible for values of a given type. This system grants fine grained control over the "linear" typing behavior of values, as well as if and how values are used in global storage. This is implemented by gating access to certain bytecode instructions so that for a value to be used with the bytecode instruction, it must have the ability required (if one is required at all—not every instruction is gated by an ability).
```

> <!-- If you are already somewhat familiar with abilities from writing Move programs, but are still confused as to what is going on, it might be helpful to skip to the [motivating walkthrough](#motivating-walkthrough) section to get an idea of what the system is setup in the way that it is. -->

Reviewer: Delete this comment?

Author: will update the comment

## The Four Abilities

The four abilities are:

* [`copy`](#copy)

>     * Allows values of types with this ability to be copied

Reviewer: I think each of these bullets should end with a period. Currently only one of them does.

* [`drop`](#drop)
    * Allows values of types with this ability to be popped/dropped.
* [`store`](#store)
    * Allows values of types with this ability to exist inside a struct in global storage
* [`key`](#key)
    * Allows the type to serve as a key for global storage operations

### `copy`

The `copy` ability allows values of types with that ability to be copied. It gates the ability to copy values out of local variables with the [`copy`](./variables.md#move-and-copy) operator and to copy values via references with [dereference `*e`](./references.md#reading-and-writing-through-references).

If a value has `copy`, all values contained inside of that value have `copy`.

### `drop`

The `drop` ability allows values of types with that ability to be dropped. By dropped, we mean that value is not transferred and is effectively destroyed as the Move program executes. As such, this ability gates the ability to ignore values in a multitude of locations, including:

> * not using the value in a local variable or parameter

Reviewer 2: Not using a return value maybe should also be mentioned?

* not using the value in a [sequence via `;`](./variables.md#expression-blocks)
* overwriting values in variables in [assignments](./variables.md#assignments)
* overwriting values via references when [writing `*e1 = e2`](./references.md#reading-and-writing-through-references).

If a value has `drop`, all values contained inside of that value have `drop`.

### `store`

> The `store` ability allows values of types with this ability to exist inside of a struct (resource) inside of global storage. *But* not necessarily as a top-level resource in global storage. This is the only ability that does not directly gate an operation. Instead it gates the existence inside of global storage when used in tandem with `key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `store` ability allows values of types with this ability to exist inside of a struct (resource) in global storage, *but* not necessarily as a top-level resource in global storage. This is the only ability that does not directly gate an operation. Instead it gates the existence inside of global storage when used in tandem with `key`.
```

* `bool`, `u8`, `u64`, `u128`, and `address` all have `copy`, `drop`, and `store`.
* `signer` has `drop`
    * Cannot be copied and cannot be put into global storage
* `vector<T>` may have `copy`, `drop`, and `store` depending on the abilities of `T`.
    * See [Conditional Abilities and Generic Types](#conditional-abilities-and-generic-types) for more details.
* Immutable references `&` and mutable references `&mut` both have `copy` and `drop`.
    * This refers to copying and dropping the reference itself, not what they refer to.
    * References cannot appear in global storage, hence they do not have `store`.

None of the primitive types have `key`, meaning none of them can be used directly with the [global storage operations](./global-storage-operators.md).

## Annotating Structs

To declare that a `struct` has an ability, it is declared with `has <ability>` after the struct name but before the fields. For example:

```move
struct Ignorable has drop { f: u64 }
struct Pair has copy, drop, store { x: u64, y: u64 }
```

In this case: `Ignorable` has the `drop` ability. `Pair` has `copy`, `drop`, and `store`.

> All of these abilities have strong guarantees over these gated operations. The operation can be performed on the value only if it has that operation; even if the value is deeply nested inside of some other collection!

Reviewer 2: `if it has that operation` -> `if it has that ability` I think.

> As such: when declaring a struct’s abilities, certain requirements are placed on the fields. All fields must satisfy these constraints. These rules are necessary so that structs satisfy the reachability rules for abilities given above. If a struct is declared with the ability...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such: when declaring a struct’s abilities, certain requirements are placed on the fields. All fields must satisfy these constraints. These rules are necessary so that structs satisfy the reachability rules for the abilities given above. If a struct is declared with the ability...
```

> * `copy`, all fields must have `copy`

Reviewer: Each bullet should end with a period, since there are complete sentences.

* `drop`, all fields must have `drop`
* `store`, all fields must have `store`
* `key`, all fields must have `store`
    * `key` is the only ability currently that doesn’t require itself.

For example:

```move
// A struct without any abilities
struct NoAbilities {}

struct WantsCopy has copy {
    f: NoAbilities, // ERROR 'NoAbilities' does not have 'copy'
}
```

and similarly:

```move
// A struct without any abilities
struct NoAbilities {}

struct MyResource has key {
    f: NoAbilities, // Error 'NoAbilities' does not have 'store'
}
```

## Conditional Abilities and Generic Types

When abilities are annotated on a generic type, not all instances of that type are guaranteed to have that ability. Consider this struct declaration:

```
struct Cup<T> has copy, drop, store, key { item: T }
```

> It might be very helpful if `Cup` could hold any type, regardless of it's abilities. The type system can *see* the type parameter so it should be able to remove abilities from `Cup` if it *sees* a type parameter that would violate the guarantees for that ability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It might be very helpful if `Cup` could hold any type, regardless of its abilities. The type system can *see* the type parameter so it should be able to remove abilities from `Cup` if it *sees* a type parameter that would violate the guarantees for that ability.
```

Reviewer: I think you missed this one. No apostrophe needed here.

> This behavior might sound a bit confusing at first, but it might be more understandable if we think about collection types. Consider `vector`, we could consider it to have the following type declaration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior might sound a bit confusing at first, but it might be more understandable if we think about collection types. Consider `vector`, with the following type declaration:
```

Author: This doesn't quite work since I am trying to stress that this isn't the real declaration of the type. But I will play with it

Reviewer: Well, at least fix the punctuation: you've got two full sentences separated with a comma....

Author: Where? Was this for a different block?

Reviewer: You already fixed it.
